User Lockout docs (#474)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/custom-flows/error-handling.mdx

  .then((result) => console.log("result", result))
  .catch((err) => console.error("error", err.errors[0].message));
```
</CodeBlockTabs>

## Special error cases

### User locked

If you have Account Lockout enabled on your instance and the user reaches the maximum allowed attempts for password or backup code verification, you will receive an HTTP status of 403 (Forbidden) and the following error payload:

```json
{
    "errors": [
        {
            "message": "Account locked",
            "long_message": "Your account is locked. You will be able to try again in 30 minutes. For more information, please contact support.",
            "code": "user_locked",
            "meta": {
                "duration_in_seconds": 1800
            }
        }
    ]
}
```

> The remaining duration will vary [depending on your configuration](/docs/security/customize-user-lockout). You can opt to render the error message returned as-is or format the supplied `duration_in_seconds` as per your liking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The duration of the user's lockout will vary [depending on your configuration](/docs/security/customize-user-lockout). You can opt to render the error message returned as-is or format the supplied `duration_in_seconds` as per your liking.
```

  .then((result) => console.log("result", result))
  .catch((err) => console.error("error", err.errors[0].message));
```
</CodeBlockTabs>

## Special error cases

### User locked

If you have Account Lockout enabled on your instance and the user reaches the maximum allowed attempts for password or

> backup code verification, you will receive an HTTP status of 403 (Forbidden) and the following error payload:

Author: ```suggestion
backup code verification, you will receive an HTTP status of `403` (Forbidden) and the following error payload:
```
